so you broken your first string and it's
time to replace it how do you do it
stay tuned I've snipped my string here
to get it off at the top you simply wind
your old string around this little
tuning post and watch the end it can be
kind of sharp dispose of the string
appropriately by putting it in the trash
can letting cats and dogs not get it I
wouldn't be good now at the bottom here
it's as simple as pulling out underneath
the guitar it's a little hole there and
your old string is off it's a good time
to wipe your guitar down if you're
replacing all your strings at once
because you can get under the frets and
the bridge and all that where you can't
get before we just threw the whole
string away now tools you'll need wire
cutters optional but a string winder peg
winder they come in they come really in
Hindi and our strings I'm using Ernie
ball here the highest number is gonna be
your low string and the smallest number
example 11 10 you know it's gonna be the
high string now I've replaced my EB and
g string I'm on the D string right now
or the fourth string we're going to take
it out of the wrapper and simply just
unwind it like so wash your eyes and
pick the guitar up feed it through the
bottom as you can see it's just going
through make sure it comes up right
where the old one came out pull it nice
and tight you don't want what you don't
want is this sticking it down here why
you're gonna tighten it about that tight
so then pull the string up is there
lighting good okay we're gonna make sure
that I lit up here and this tuning post
is straight up and down so we can wire
the string feed the string right through
there just like such we're gonna pull it
up nice and tight now we get it with
strings you know finger type finger tied
up here we want to pull up I like to go
a little bit over one of these distances
so about right there so then we want to
go down to where you got it pinched and
just put a little bend in it that'll
hold the string to where you want it now
this part
can be a little tedious sometimes you
know the first few lines are always kind
of hectic because it's all we're gonna
do is we're gonna grab that string
winder really useful and we just start
we pull on this a little bit we just
simply you can see what's going on we're
just tapped tightening this to where the
string is on the inside of the post like
the other ones look and we just simply
pull down on it a little bit sometimes
you wish you had three arms for this job
and as you can see you want the screen
to go under itself each time this part
is always gonna be in your way I like to
pull up on it like that we just simply
wind her around like such the string
will start to get tighter you'll you'll
lose your slack down there okay now
we're gonna go ahead and let go cuz the
strings wrapped around enough you're
gonna want to make sure it falls in its
place and that period we just simply
tighten away till the string is up to a
the pitch we're looking for now fresh
strings won't stay in tune for the first
30 minutes or so you're gonna constantly
have to retune it so just go and get it
tuned up turn it up and then let it sit
for a little bit to stretch out my sound
new strings can be and then we're gonna
want to take the cutters and just simply
cut off the end because you don't want
this jagged end hanging out here throw
this away
file that down if you have to you know
cut your finger and all that that's how
to replace your electric guitar string
for the acoustic guitar it's the same
manner now my name is Lucas I hope that
helped you remember you're doing it
without pay please check out the website